I enjoyed this lab very much. I always wanted to learn Python because it is the language everyone speaks about; I now understand why! My short experience with 
Python has shown me how user-friendly and easy it is to learn. The code is very straightforward. It was as if I was learning and typing English. Python does not 
have any extra words that seem to serve an unnecessary purpose. If I want to print something to output all I have to code is print(). If I want to have the user 
input data then all I have to write is input(). I thought it was interesting that I did not have to declare the variable type in Python. I also did not have to 
import anything or set up a Scanner for the user to input data. There are also many videos and resources on Python. Overall, I had a great experience learning 
Python and would love to continue my knowledge in it. The next language I chose was Ruby. I never heard of Ruby before researching different languages for this lab. 
I saw online that it was considered as famous as Python so I decided to choose it. I learned that it has the same user-friendly design as Python. The code was very 
close to the English language without any extra unnecessary code. To print something, all I had to code was puts. To allow the user to input something, all I had to 
code was gets. Therefore, I found Ruby easy to learn and code. I learned about the method named chomp. The goal of chomp is to eliminate the newline character at 
the end of strings. I was able to easily change the input of the user from a string to integer via .to_i; this is pretty intuitive as is the whole language of 
Python and Ruby. I related to Ruby and Python more than Java and C++ because of their inherent nature. I think assignments like these should be assigned more to 
students to have them increase their knowledge and familiarity with learning new languages which is typical of jobs. Computer science jobs and careers usually want 
their employees to keep learning new things and updating their knowledge in code and software. It is an important skill of a programmer that I appreciated expanding 
in this assignment. I hope lab 5 will include learning some more new languages. I wish I was able to take the new Python class offered at Brooklyn College but I am 
graduating this semester so I plan on just continuing to teach it to myself. I liked using the online IDEs for Ruby and Python instead of downloading an IDE for 
each or using the Mac terminal so that in the case I did not want to use any of these languages again I would not have additional memory stored on my laptop.      
